Previously on
Sons of Anarchy:
It’s your daddy,
Juan Carlos.
What would the club do
if they found out
that you’re black?
As far as SAMCRO
is concerned,
you never even existed.
If you’re lucky enough,
you’ll walk out alive.
Sorry to interrupt
your solitude, Mr. Delaney.
It’s regarding the murder
of your wife, Luann Delaney.
Traces of semen were found
in your wife’s undergarments.
Robert Munson.
GEMMA:
You hiding
something from me?
This fell out of one
of Abel’s coloring books.
Letters from
John Teller would
be very painful
for my son to read.
They found some
of JT’s old letters.
John wanted to end the
relationship with the Irish,
stop the club
from selling guns.
He was killed before
that meeting happened.
Tara had a copy
of the accident report.
Now you only pull something like
that if you have suspicions.
Clay, Jax–
Romero Parada.
Friends call me Romeo.
Sig 551’s.
These are excellent.
Let’s set up a shipment
for every two weeks.
We can make that work.
I’ll have the coke
ready for you for the run back.
Sounds good.
PINEY:
Your old man wants us
running drugs
for the cartel.
CLAY:
You ever try to end-run me
through my old lady again,
I’ll slit your throat.
30 kilos of uncut
Colombian cocaine.
Jesus, Otto.
What the hell happened?
Means to an end.
I’m sorry, sweetheart.
What do you need from me?
Luann–
I got to know something.
This sheriff
paid me a visit.
His office took over
the homicide.
Found semen on Luann.
Bobby’s.
Are you serious?
Bobby?
This new sheriff, he’s been
riding us. He’s not...
I saw the report.
DNA’s legit.
So were the stats.
The last guy
tapping a bitch–
usually the one
who killed her.
Bobby didn’t kill
Luann, Otto.
Someone did.
I don’t know
what you want me to do.
I want you to ask Clay
a question.
What would it feel like...
...to lose the one
he loved the most?
You tell the club,
you tell the guy
who was bedding my wife,
they need to find
the scumbag who killed her.
Jax.
How you doing?
Heard it was
a good trip.
Good as it gets, bro.
Cut-n-bag won’t be
up and running
till tomorrow.
CLAY:
All right.
Guess we’ll babysit till then.
I’ll set up the pick-up.
Hey, amigo.
You forgetting something?
They’re just here
to help.
Thanks. We can handle it.
Once that shipment hits
north Cali, keeping it
safe lands on me.
One guy.
Rafi, stick around, huh?
Let’s go.
Miles, lock those
crates in the gun room.
No one gets in.
All right.
Phil and Rat Boy
on the front and back.
Okay.
All right, everybody
grab some sleep. Be at
the club house by noon.
(motorcycle engine starting)
Welcome home.
How was the bike show?
Our P.O. signed off
on the run.
I’m going
to set up random piss tests.
Let’s us get together
and chat private.
Blow me.
You know,
save the bad ass.
Your M.C. ain’t
gonna give a shit
about you being loyal or hard.
’Cause all they’re gonna
see is black.
Now this is
a simple trade, Juice.
You give me some truth
and I’ll protect yours.
Truth about what?
My sources inside
Oaktown’s gang unit
say a major player
surfaced in northern Cali–
Galindo Cartel.
If I find out that you guys
are bringing weight into Sanwa,
I will cripple you.
Where the hell you
going with this?
I’m not going
after your club.
I’m going after the drugs.
You’re a sheriff, man.
You ain’t got the reach
for any of this shit.
I got important friends.
How important?
I will let you know.
(chuckles)
(gasps)
Hey.
Oh, hello.
Daddy!
What’s happening?
(smooches)
Say hi.
Missed you guys.
I missed you too, Mama.
Yes, and you.
How was your trip?
Good.
Brought you a souvenir.
Wow.
From the motorcycle show.
I can’t wait.
Wow.
Got to put it in
the safety deposit box
in your name.
There’s going to be a lot more.
All in cash?
No strings, no tax.
This is real, babe.
Just like I promised you.
Talk to my mom,
she knows the drill.
Okay.
I love you.
Hey, buddy.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
Otto reached out.
Our sheriff has a new lead
on Luann’s murder.
Told him they found cum
in her panties.
DNA came back a match.
JAX:
They didn’t give a name,
but has to be someone who’s been
through the system.
Georgie Caruso.
That’s always been
my guess.
Should have handled
this Luann shit
when it first happened.
Old ladies–
they got a way of coming back
and biting you in the ass.
If Roosevelt does have proof,
he’s going to go after Caruso.
We got to get to him first.
Might want it to happen
before Otto gets out of the
infirmary and loses visitation.
I want a brother
to look him in the eye
and tell him
it’s been handled.
He deserves that.
Ope, you think Lyla
will help us find Georgie?
Yeah, maybe.
She’s on a shoot today.
Beautiful thing–
girls in love.
Before we all sail off
to the isle of Lesbos...
For a job well done.
Thanks.
This goes
to Cappy and Miles.
Keep this in the safe
till they get back.
Okay, fellas, that’s it.
If you don’t want that, I’m sure
I can find somebody that would
be happy to spend it for you.
Close the door
when you leave.
JT would have never
touched drugs.
JT was a good
businessman.
He would have seen
the value in this.
John knew that
anything that brought
too much heat
was bad for the club.
That’s why he changed his mind
about the guns.
Remember?
Yeah, he talked about,
uh, getting us out.
No, he did more
than talk.
He reached out to Kellan.
Set a meet with the IRA.
Made a decision to get us out
of the gun-running business.
A decision that you couldn’t
let him live with.
Your near-death experience
gets you talking to ghosts,
old man?
Nah, not exactly.
We found some old letters.
John’s handwriting.
Proof that he wanted out.
Proof that he feared
you would do something
to stop him.
Before that meet could
ever happen,
John Teller was murdered.
And the letters– they paint
a vivid picture of who did it.
JT laid his bike down on 580,
was crushed by a semi.
It was an accident.
We’ll never know.
Lowell Senior disappeared
the next week,
and he was the only one
JT trusted to work on his bike.
Just what do you get
out of this?
It’s not about me.
You kill the drug muling,
or I’ll let the rest of the club
read the letters.
You ain’t got
any letters.
(laughs)
Okay.
Doesn’t matter to me.
Either way, I get what I want.
It’s a goddamn cartel.
I just can’t walk away
from the deal.
Sure, you can.
You got till the end of the
week to figure it out.
And in case you’re still
thinking about slitting
my throat, I wouldn’t.
I have, uh...
contingencies in place.
You told Clay
I was banging Luann?
No, man.
The sheriff did give Otto
a name– yours.
We’re protecting you.
(sighs)
Shit. Otto knows?
Yeah.
Look, obviously, we know
you didn’t kill Luann.
Sheriff’s got my DNA.
Why haven’t they questioned me?
I don’t know.
Just fishing, I guess.
Roosevelt knows that your DNA
doesn’t prove you killed Luann,
so he’s stirring shit up.
Seeing if Otto reacts, and maybe
gives you up on something else.
Otto would never turn
on the club.
If anything could do it,
it would be Luann.
We got to end this. Today.
Get a 20 on Georgie.
I got to head up to Unser’s.
What’s going on?
Nothing. I just got
to lock down a truck
for the next shipment.
You got to do it now?
Yeah, I do.
(door opening)
What?
Piney says he knows I killed JT.
Threatened to tell the club.
Are you serious?
He’s just had a mortal jolt.
He knew shit only me
and JT knew.
Says he found some old letters.
Guess maybe Tara
did tell somebody.
We don’t know that.
I’m sure John wrote
about how Piney
was the only one he trusted.
Makes sense for Tara
to turn to him.
Tara would not
hurt this family.
Old man’s
protecting himself.
He says
he’s got contingencies.
There’s only one other person
who can blow the whistle on us.
What you’re thinking...
The history that Tara
and Piney know...
very dangerous.
You’re talking about
the co-founder of this club
and the mother
of our grandchild.
I had John Teller
killed while I was
bedding his wife.
It doesn’t matter
what the reason was.
Jax finds that out,
he cuts off my goddamn head,
he sticks it
on the reaper pole.
Now we got to stop this
in its tracks, you and me.
Otherwise, we lose everything.
You told me not
to go setting fires.
That’s exactly
what you’re doing here.
We don’t know if there’s
anything threatening
in those letters.
This could be Piney just
digging up old suspicions.
And all this shit going on
with the cartel.
He is just clawing at you.
We need to find
those letters.
Without them,
it doesn’t matter
what anyone knows.
They’ll have no proof.
Yeah.
All right.
They’re not in Jax’s house.
They got to be at the hospital.
I’ll go find ’em.
All right.
And until I do, Clay,
nothing happens.
You understand?
Not to Piney.
Not to Tara.
You hurt them, you hurt Jax.
I know.
Promise me.
I promise.
Came out great, Clay.
You guys did an amazing job.
Time and money...
fixes everything.
What do I owe you?
Nothing, man.
Consider it my first payment
on a long overdue debt.
Thanks.
I appreciate that.
What do you need?
My interest in Tara
the other day...
I think she found some
of JT’s letters.
Contents could embarrass?
Contents could cripple...
all of us.
I need you
to find them... now.
She probably wouldn’t
have them in her house, so...
might be in her car
or her office.
And if I track ’em down?
When you track ’em
down, you give ’em to me.
I’ll get rid of them.
That’s it?
That’s it.
(sighs)
And if, uh, Tara
read them, her knowledge, uh,
that a crippling thing, too?
Enjoy that Sportster.
Didn’t know you
were heading up here.
Yeah, just setting up
the next trucking run.
Hmm.
My weekly bud run.
Ah.
See you later.
Love you.
Yeah. Love you, too.
(laughs gently)
(engine starting)
(motorcycle departing)
I got plenty of dope.
What did he want?
You know, like he said,
trucking shit.
Don’t you lie to me.
Oh, shit.
I’m between a big rock
and a really hard place
here, Gemma.
He tasked you
to find those letters.
(clears throat)
Goddamn it.
He’s worried.
Yeah, he’s more
than worried.
All letters are in Tara’s
office, locked desk drawer.
Accordion file.
Grab everything, Wayne.
Tara goes home for lunch.
It’ll buy you an hour.
You find them,
and you bring ’em to me.
Clay cannot get his hands
on those letters.
Understand?
Yeah.
Georgie’s out
of the film biz.
Doing some kind
of high-end sex toy thing.
Sex toys, huh?
Yeah.
He talked to Dondo about Ima
and I doing something
with the Saffron Sisters,
but I passed.
OPIE:
Dondo’s her
producer-director.
She’s under contract.
Let’s go talk to Dondo.
Yeah, he’s waiting
for me on set.
I don’t need to watch.
Georgie contacted me
a few weeks ago.
Said he wanted to use my best
seller– Saffron Sorority Girls.
Said he wanted to make
a new run at his dolls.
Wait, wait, dolls?
Yeah.
What...?
Life-sized sex dolls.
Look and feel
just like the real thing.
It’s a huge market.
JAX:
Well, I’m going to need
you to call him back, Dondo.
Tell him Sorority
Girl number one
had a change of heart.
And why
would I do that?
For Luann.
You’re telling me that
Georgie had something to do
with Luann’s murder?
That’s what we’re trying
to find out.
We need you
to get him here.
Let us have a private chat.
Yeah, well, I know
what that means. That means
you’re gonna whack him.
We don’t whack people,
Dondo.
Well, that’s too bad,
’cause I’m not going
to hook you up
unless you crush that hyper
douche bag’s skull.
I loved Luann.
She mentored me.
She taught me that I was
more than just a big cock.
I want Georgie dead.
Set it up.
UNSER:
Shit!
Copies!
(sighs)
Buenas tardes,
Señor Roosevelt.
All of our players are in place,
including Señor Galindo.
Congratulations.
So, where are we
with Juan Carlos?
We’re close.
But he’s gonna need
some assurances.
So you’re gonna have
to close the deal.
We need to set the
hook deeper into his mouth
before I risk stepping out
from behind the magic curtain.
Okay. What?
You want him to wear a wire?
They’re too
techno-savvy.
Anti-tap software, bug alarms.
Probably wand the place
before every sit-down.
He, uh, confirm a shipment?
He didn’t deny it.
Have him, uh,
pull a sample from the load.
Couple grams.
Lets us confirm point of origin
and his level of commitment.
If he gets caught,
they’ll kill him.
That’s the point.
Proves the risk
of getting outed for color
is greater than
the risk of working with us.
Eh, that’s a dangerous way
to play the race card.
But you see
what’s at stake here.
Yeah, I do.
But I also know
what’s at stake
for a black sheriff
in a white town.
Word gets out that I got someone
killed leveraging color...
Hmm. I’ll make sure
your involvement
with Juan Carlos is stricken
from the record.
No credit, no responsibility.
Fair enough?
Yeah. Okay.
You know we can’t
strike him from the record.
Shit’s already
been upload...
Shh, shh, shh.
I’m eating.
(exhales)
(motorcycle approaching)
(engine turns off)
What the hell
are you doing?
I wish I’d have
never found ’em.
Lies were easier
to stomach.
Save the pain
and sorrow for my old lady.
That’s the difference
between you and me, Clay–
I actually feel bad for some
of the shit I’ve done.
The lie you fed me
about why John Teller
needed to die...
That wasn’t a lie.
You told me JT’s
weakness was gonna bring
violence to Charming.
War brewing with the Mayans.
That was true.
Not according
to those.
JT wasn’t weak,
he was conflicted.
He wanted to end guns,
go legit.
That’s why you killed him,
had me cover it up.
The only thing
I ever asked you to do
was to lose a little paperwork
to protect my club
and your town.
I don’t regret that.
JT suspected you
made two attempts to kill him.
Details are in there.
You regret any of that?
John was delusional
with grief.
And Gemma?
She delusional, too?
Does she know the real reason
why you killed her old man?
What’s the matter,
Chief?
You afraid the love of your life
betrayed you, too?
This is a smart
business, Dondo.
You package videos
with the dolls.
You tie in personal appearances.
Huge dough.
Son of a bitch!
Georgie,
we need to talk.
I didn’t do anything!
JAX:
Hey, hey! Whoa, whoa!
Put it down!
Shit.
Get out of here.
(yelling)
(grunting)
Let me at him!
(groaning)
Bobby! Bobby!
Whoa, whoa!
(all talking at once)
Hey, hey!
Chill out!
These are copies.
The originals
are still out there.
I searched her
whole office.
Those were in her desk drawer.
All she had.
Some of it was
too burnt to read.
Who knows what else
was in there?
What are you
going to do?
I’m going to protect both of us.
Problems?
A little crisis
at Clear Passages.
Smokers or shitters?
Both.
Go. We got this.
Thanks, man.
Been waiting
on your call.
You burned them?
The shit John wrote–
too painful for you to read.
Sorry.
Yeah, it’s okay.
It’s done.
Thank you, Wayne.
Yeah.
You’re welcome, sweetheart.
My friend
the string-puller,
you know, he needs
a little bit of good faith.
You must be kidding me
with this shit.
That shipment that
you muled out of Tucson?
He wants a sample.
If it’s uncut,
it has markers
and the lab can isolate
the region.
There’s no coke.
You tell me who’s
pushing it out in Sanwa.
We connect the cartel,
leave SAMCRO out of it.
(sighs)
Look...
I just want things
to get back to normal.
Your M.C.’s out of drugs,
your daddy back
in the color closet.
It’s a lose-lose
if you fight me, Juice.
I’ll give you two days.
♪♪
Georgie.
We missed you.
He ain’t giving it up on Luann.
Jesus Christ, Clay,
can you talk some sense
into these psychos?
Hey, these are my
rational guys.
I get Happy down here,
ball gag takes on
a whole new meaning.
I didn’t kill Luann.
Yes, you did.
Let’s do it.
Whoa, whoa, please.
Wait, I got money!
I got millions!
I got
millions, Clay!
Anything you want!
Anything!
Wow, these sex dolls
must be selling like sex dolls.
Dream Dolls.
I got Asian backing.
Billionaire sex freaks.
I’m serious.
I got this.
- No.
- Hold it.
These Asians, they looking
for any other investments?
All the time.
He telling the truth?
DONDO:
Yeah. Natsuki family.
Huge Japanese money.
BOBBY:
What the hell
we doing here?
I think maybe we can
use Georgie.
You talking
about the Asians?
Yeah. Gemma found out
there’s a ticking clock
on Charming Heights.
Hale’s still looking
for investors.
If Georgie can front load
his guys,
make Hale think they’re
his salvation...
And then we pull ’em out
at the last minute.
Yeah, all we got to do
is convince City Council
to stomp on Hale’s dream.
What the hell
do we tell Otto?
do you tell Otto?
Tell him the truth.
The club needs Georgie alive
for a minute.
That’s a post-dated check.
As soon as we shut down Hale,
we cut Georgie’s heart out.
DONDO:
What’s going on, guys?
All right.
Hold on to that big dick
of yours, Dondo.
We’ll keep you posted.
Everything cool, man?
Yeah. Just had to
check something
at the weed shop.
Figured I’d come by.
See how watch was going.
All quiet, man.
It’s kind of peaceful out here.
Where are the rest
of the guys?
Rat’s on a coffee run.
Miles and the Mayan
are somewhere around back.
Well, I’m just going
to do a walk-through.
(sighs)
Juice, you in there, man?
Shit.
(door rattling)
What’s up?
Why aren’t you out front?
Kind of lonely,
I guess.
I’ll be right out.
Okay.
RAFI:
Hey. What are you doing?
Just checking
on my guys.
It’s all good.
See you in the morning.
Okay, good night.
(motorcycle engines revving)
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit, oh, shit.
Oh, shit, shit.
You got home late.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Just handling that Otto thing.
It’s handled.
Good.
What’s this?
The letters.
Found them in Tara’s office.
Locked in a desk drawer.
Mostly just, uh,
love letters to Maureen.
Painful shit.
I had to burn ’em.
Sorry.
It’s done, baby.
Piney’s suspicions
don’t mean shit.
Nobody can hurt us.
Yeah.
Thank God.
(panting)
♪♪
You looking for Ope?
Why, is he here?
Yeah. Apartment.
(knocking)
Yeah?
Hey.
What you doing here?
Rough night.
Well... Morning.
Really rough.
Guess I’ll leave you to it.
You should go.
Did you lose your mind?
Hey!
Hey, you got
a family, man.
You got a new wife.
Getting your dick sucked by
a croweater’s one thing, but...
I know.
Do you?
I found birth control,
morning after pills
in Lyla’s stuff.
This whole time that I’ve been
trying to have kids,
she’s been killing it off.
Oh, God.
Tapping that crazy bitch
is your solution?
Worked for you.
Yeah, I guess
I had that coming.
What’s going on?
I don’t know.
I keep trying to force things
and the shit don’t fit.
And Lyla...
None of it feels real.
I mean, I miss...
I miss Donna.
(engine starting)
How you holding up,
brother?
You got something
to tell me?
Sorry.
I got no excuse.
It just happened.
How long?
A few months.
Did you love her?
No.
And she didn’t love me.
You were the only one
who mattered.
You find him?
Yeah.
Georgie Caruso– he’s the one
who killed her.
You finish it?
Yeah.
We took him out.
Good work, brothers.
That’s it?
That’s it.
We’re one brick light.
CLAY:
What are you
talking about?
I’m talking about
there should be 30 keys here.
Twenty-nine.
CHIBS:
Yeah.